yes hello and welcome to
I introduce you to my new video today
use for the featured app you
free tv a few months ago
but they did not introduce them now
more so a live tv app works
That's what makes her easy going
easy on safari in safari browser
Here you can see the start what
we would have to go
just type in his hyphen tv.com and
then you have the side pretty much here
clearly above yes here is right now
that the problems have on the server
these will be fixed
you can see that when you are now
here inclusive stream looks at that
display sign crossed out the
Either he is updated or
he is offline right now the server of
stream
yes he actually works completely
easy you go here now on an icon
fake that of sat 1 then clicks on
this play sign and already starts
stream and you can watch live ticker
Guess the quality is going pretty well
still you can still press so eat
Actually, all the private ones that way
yes, with a few included
public law but actually
the most important is the private because
you get the public service
also about the apps tattoo or more
tv apps from the app store
exactly the two simple we do
this now still on the home
Add a video practice
Now you have this beautiful here
handy on the homescreen, yes, more
as not to say it
is easy to understand has a pretty
good quality you can watch tv
and exactly if you liked it
your comment or an easy one else
Subscribe is always welcome
so then I say chips and up to
next time